[25.08] Docs: Megablocks release (#3)
ROCm/megablocks: amd-docs/index.rst

.. meta::
  :description: Megablocks documentation
  :keywords: Megablocks, ROCm, documentation, deep learning, framework, GPU

.. _megablocks-documentation-index:

********************************************************************
Megablocks documentation
********************************************************************

> `Megablocks <https://github.com/databricks/megablocks>`__ is a lightweight library 

Reviewer: Consider link to what is page.

for mixture-of-experts `(MoE) <https://huggingface.co/blog/moe>`__ training. 
The core of the system is efficient "dropless-MoE" and standard MoE layers. 
Megablocks is integrated with `https://github.com/stanford-futuredata/Megatron-LM 
<https://github.com/stanford-futuredata/Megatron-LM>`__, 

> where data and pipeline parallel training of MoEs is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where data and pipeline parallel MoE training is supported.
```
